All right, welcome back,
so we're going to go over
adding Twitter meta tags to the same
app that we've been working with today.
So I'm just gonna kinda
close out everything so
you get a fresh starting point here.
We're looking at localhost again instead
of looking at our Heroku version of
the solution.
Let me clear it out so
people in the room can see.
And I'm just gonna go back into
our Open Graph exercise here.
And we're gonna just focus on
the course HBS file today.
I can actually get rid of this here.
So I'll begin by going to
my little cheat sheet here.
Let me maximize this.
And pulling off some of the metatags we
need to worry about, we'll do these first.
So begin Twitter.
End twitter, I just like to keep things
nice and separated so that you don't
end up with this huge stack of things
that you have difficulty sorting through.
So, this example used summary
as the type of card here.
One thing that got me that it was like,
I swear it was a bug in Twitter,
just because of the response that I
got was if you misspell the card type,
you will get a notice that
involves requesting approval.
So some view if you misspelled the card
type this content attribute here.
You could have said,
this is not whitelisted,
your domain is not whitelisted.
And please click here to request access.
Everyone has access to the large
image card type, right?
But the response you'll
get from the validator,
it acts like it is something
you have to seek approval from.
So just be aware of the only thing you
need approval for is the player card type.
That's the only legitimate needs
approval thing that's left.
At one time, large image of something that
you also needed to be whitelisted for but
they've since opened it up to everyone.
So here we had one person here that did
something like this summary large card,
and something was wrong and
you think it's a bug.
There's an open item in the developer
forms, from me, saying, I swear look at
this metadata, it's supposed to work,
and it's just a misspelling on my part.
So, here I'm just gonna use,
I'll keep these as the site and
creator just for fun.
And then we need to worry about our image.
So, for
images with Twitter the large image,
that's where I have this
thumb size in my JSON.
If we go back and look, you'll notice
that the thumb 2x is 560 by 300.
It's no coincidence that it's that size.
That is the size that I need for
this image on this social media platform,
right?
So, just to double check
with my slides here,
cuz I can't keep all of this in my brain,
sorry, it's Twitter image.
That's what we want Twitter image.
And then here, I'm going to use handlebars
to find an appropriate value here.
So we're gonna just use a very
similar trick that we used for
Facebook except here,
it's going to be thumb 2x.
Now, if you ended up using square here,
you would default to a really nice,
appropriately cropped square image for
the smaller card cuz that's
a 250 by 250 pixel square.
So if you're going to, I would at least
say get the aspect ratio correctly cuz
Twitter will try to do its best
with the appropriate aspect ratio.
All right, so now we've got our image and
we can actually leave it there.
We don't have to provide it a width and
a height.
Because Twitter images are,
they're the same aspect ratio,
it differs on device exactly
how big it is, right?
But it will scale that thing up and
down as appropriate.
So you'll notice like if you use the iOS
app for Twitter and you rotate your
device and think there was at least at
some point, it worked in landscape mode.
I'm not sure it does anymore.
You can see that the images get wider and
smaller but you don't need to tell it like
you need to tell Facebook because
Facebook supports a varying size.
And with that,
I'm just gonna go ahead and deploy this.
The way we add this, the way we
deployed this first we go git add- A.
That says, take off the changed files,
stage them so that the next time I
make a commit, which is like a code
change across a collection of files,
we're going to include everything
that we've changed so far.
Now we're gonna make the change, And give
it a name so that if we look back later
in the history, we'll see that this is
the one where we added Twitter metadata.
And then finally,
send that new change up to Heroku.
And I have to do something
slightly different
here because I'm a non master branch.
You would have just done
git push Heroku master.
My different syntax there had to do
with solution being my local branch, but
I still want it to end up on master in
Heroku, cuz that's what it solves off of.
I'm so
used to type in Heroku master though,
cuz that's more often than
not what you're going to use.
And here's our Heroku app.
So if I do a hard refresh here to make
sure everything is loaded and go to
the Twitter validator, let's see if I did
everything the way I was supposed to.
So we may run into a caching issue here.
We do not, there it is.
And it's telling me with no warnings down
here it got 15 meta tags card was loaded
successfully.
So this is a great time,
let me pop this out so
that people in the room can
see a little bit more easily.
This is a great time to start looking at
this SEO Chrome extension
I had you install.
So if we open that up,
you can see the description is missing.
Remember, we only added that meta
description tag to our first exercise
the deploy one.
We never ended up adding
that to these URLs here.
Here is,
I'm looking at Twitter's app there.
They don't have a description either,
interesting.
So here's my canonical URL,
where it says it's not defined.
So there's probably a meta
tag I'm missing that
is a generic way of
specifying a canonical URL.
So this is telling me,
it's giving me a Google URL to read.
So we may get into that as we look
at the web app manifest stuff.
But in the social tab,
we can see that all of my metadata
is showing up really nicely.
There's my Facebook canonical URL, the
Open Graph type, the title I'm using for
Open Graph, here's my description.
Here's a nice image and I could right
click and download that if I wanted to.
The width and the height, and then
here's all my stuff for Twitter as well.
So, I like using this cuz it is easier
to look through this than to skim
through a bunch of almost identical
meta tags to try to scan through and
find what's going wrong.
And as you see here, it will
highlight problems that you run into.
So here I haven't specified a title
attribute, this image to the left.
So it gives you, you basically swat
at it until the red goes away.
And that gives you a baseline for making
sure there is machine-readable metadata
available for all of your images and all
of your videos and all of your meta-tags.
So, and hitting most titles on links,
right, give you even more
hints to feed the indexers.